Terms of Service

1. Introduction

These terms of service govern your use of Shane Short's website and services. By accessing and using the website, you agree to be bound by these terms of service. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not use the website or services.

2. Use of the Website and Services

You may use the website and services only for lawful purposes and in accordance with the terms of service. You agree not to use the website or services:

- in any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local, or international law or regulation
- for the purpose of exploiting, harming, or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information, or otherwise
- to transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any "junk mail," "chain letter," "spam," or any other similar solicitation
- to impersonate or attempt to impersonate Shane Short, an employee of Shane Short, another user, or any other person or entity
- to engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the website or services, or which, as determined by Shane Short, may harm Shane Short or users of the website or services or expose them to liability

3. User Content

The website and services may allow you to submit, upload, publish, or otherwise make available content, including but not limited to text, photographs, and videos (collectively, "user content"). You retain all rights in, and are solely responsible for, the user content you make available through the website and services.

By making any user content available through the website or services, you grant to Shane Short a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based on, distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, and otherwise exploit in any manner such user content in all formats and distribution channels now known or hereafter devised (including in connection with the website and Shane Short's business and on third-party sites and services), without further notice to or consent from you, and without the requirement of payment to you or any other person or entity.

You represent and warrant that: (i) you either are the sole and only owner of all rights in the user content or you have all rights, licenses, consents, releases, and clearances necessary to grant the rights granted herein; and (ii) the user content, and your submission, uploading, publishing, or otherwise making available of such user content through the website and services, does not violate, misappropriate, or infringe on the rights of any third party, including, without limitation, privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark and/or other proprietary rights.

4. Disclaimer of Warranties

The website and services are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Shane Short disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including without limitation implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Shane Short does not warrant that the website or services will be uninterrupted or error-free, and there is no warranty as to the results that may be obtained from use of the website or services.

5. Limitation of Liability

You agree that under no circumstances will Shane Short be liable to you for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special, or exemplary damages arising out of or in connection with your use of the website or services, whether such damages are based on warranty, contract, tort, statute, or any other legal theory, and whether or not Shane Short has been informed of the possibility of such damages.

6. Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Shane Short and its affiliates, officers, agents, and employees from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including without limitation reasonable attorney's fees and costs, arising out of or in connection with: (i) your violation of the terms of service; (ii) your user content; and (iii) your activities in connection with the website or services.

7. Changes to the Terms of Service

Shane Short may modify the terms of service at any time, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting the modified terms of service on the website. Your continued use of the website or services after such posting shall be deemed to be your acceptance of the modified terms of service.

8. Miscellaneous

The terms of service constitute the entire agreement between you and Shane Short with respect to your use of the website and services and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the website and services. If any provision of the terms of service is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced.

9. Contact Information

If you have any questions or comments regarding the terms of service, please contact Shane Short at [Your Contact Information].

